[Music]
hi welcome to show me the curry calm I'm
hit
I'm Anuja and today we're making chana
masala and this is a recipe shared with
us by my brother-in-law and doesn't
that's a job with it and my sister
refuses to learn how to make it because
she knows he'll stop making it and now
she won't have a choice after this video
ideas what you need 2 cups of China or
garbanzo beans soaked in 8 cups of water
1 bay leaf 1 black cardamom and a 2-inch
piece of cinnamon salt to taste one and
a half tablespoons oil 1/8 TSP
asafoetida one 14.5 ounce can of crushed
tomatoes 1/2 teaspoon each of chat
masala red chilli powder an R Donna
powder and dried mango powder 1 tbsp
China or chole masala 2 teabags sliced
onions and green chillies optional for
garnishing so for our chana masala
recipe we have a pressure cooker going
on high heat right now and we've added
our China into there using the same
water that it was soaked in so that's in
there and to this we're gonna add in the
bay leaf black cardamom cinnamon stick
teabags and salt we're gonna give it a
mix now teabags for those who have not
used tea bags and her in cooking it
gives a really nice rich dark color to
the Jenna right so we've you can do once
the bread pressure builds up we're gonna
let it whistle 2 or 3 times lower the
heat and let it cook for about 20
minutes
alright the pressure cooker channels are
done in the pressure cooker
that's how look
yeah the teabags really no help so what
we're gonna do now is just take out the
tea bags cuz you don't want to eat those
and we have a bowl and just something to
scoop out the general we're going to
separate the China from the liquid that
they're in and don't throw away the
liquid because we are going to use it
it's a good way to tell if your China is
cooked properly is that you'll notice
there's cracks and if it's crack you
know that it's gonna be soft on the
inside and you know people have
different preferences some people really
like the China you know too old shape
some people like them all mash down so
it's up to you if you like you know
overly cooked it up and just keep the
pressure cooker
going on for a little bit longer but
this is perfect for us because it's
still gonna hold shape and it's cracking
so we know it's perfectly cooked and
over here we have a medium sized skillet
and put it on medium heat actually
medium to a little higher than medium
and you're gonna put in the oil ok once
the oil is hot add in heat and quickly
add in the tomatoes and mix and we've
used the canned tomatoes they have a
really nice color and actually has it
you know a lot of nutrients packed in
there but if you want to use fresh
tomatoes that's always a great option
awesome and we're gonna allow this to
cook and basically the oil needs to
separate from the tomatoes so we're
gonna keep it on a little medium high
but keep an eye on it tomatoes first
well then burn fast and seconder for
that will slime out over so we have our
yes so you're gonna do that and we'll
see you back so we ended up covering our
Tomatoes
they were splattering all over the place
but their eclipses can see the oil is
coming out from the sides and the
perfect indication that the tomatoes are
ready looks good you're gonna add in the
dry spices now
[Music]
brightening the water and a la donna
when Ivana has actually pomegranate ease
so that has really nice tangy flavor and
at that really like a new dimension to
this case we've used a store-bought
channa masala and you can buy any brand
and just either just all the wonderful
difference that wasn't a very good right
channels
through goodness
and now how are we gonna do this we say
that water from the tuna the street
boils and we will keep adding that
little at the time and then let it just
keep cooking so little by little this
liquidus if you get absorbed by the
china and it's going to make them really
flavorful so while that's cooking we're
going to cover it one more time and
it'll help all the flavors incorporate
really well alright let's have a look
yeah I've actually been stirring it in
the middle so it doesn't burn I'll dry
it up nicely and what I'm gonna do is
just take the end of your spatula I just
press it in a little bit so that you
know everything just incorporates well
and China actually absorbs a little bit
of the masala and there's a little bit
it forms a pinkish gravy a little bottom
line is bigger than repeat this process
till all the liquid is gone and we reach
the desired consistency here and this
recipe of course it's it's a drier
version so it's not very great line
right so but the key is that as the
liquid gets evaporated it just
concentrates the flavor and it's so good
looks very good yes the color is awesome
and you're gonna stop at this point fell
over a little time and you get a little
drier but the channels will keep
absorbing the liquid and you know so
even after I turn it off if you drive a
little bit more keep it like this and
when you serve this you can have some
sliced onions or green chillies and even
some cilantro or coriander leaves and
just garnish the top of it yes and also
this same recipe can be used for if
you're having samosa jot or Dickey chart
you know just take a Tiki and put some
on this and fantastic so thank you North
Korea for this recipe like you said in
your email I thank you and I bless you
that's what you wanted one suggesting
this is a fantastic recipe yes
so join us again on another sort of show
me the car you don't comp adding a pinch
of spice to it
[Music]